chore(docs): Update "Sourcing from Kontent.ai" (#37484)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/how-to/sourcing-data/sourcing-from-kontent-ai.md

Once you have a subscription to Kontent.ai, you need some content to retrieve. If you know what you want, you can set up your own content types (templates for your content) and then create content items (the actual content) based on them. If you'd like to take a shortcut and see some example content, you can use [Sample Project generator](https://app.kontent.ai/sample-project-generator) to generate project "Sample Project" and import sample content. This guide will continue with the example of the "Sample Project".

The created Sample Project is a comprehensive presentation of a fictional coffee company named Dancing Goat that showcases various Kontent.ai features. It can be displayed in various channels, as you can see by going to the [Quickstart page in Kontent.ai](https://app.kontent.ai/quickstart) from within that project.

> For this guide, you don't have to worry about most of the features. You'll pull some data to display within the Gatsby site you'll create in the next step. The only thing you need to get is your Project ID, which you can find in Kontent.ai under _Project settings_ -> _API keys_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this guide, you don't have to worry about most of the features. You'll pull some data to display within the Gatsby site you'll create in the next step. The only thing you need to get is your Project ID, which you can find in Kontent.ai under **"Project settings"** -> **"API keys"**.
```

> ### Gatsby
> 
> #### Adding content to existing pages
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Gatsby

```

The setup would only be adding the plugin. The "adding content" piece would be under a new h2 heading (not "setup")

Now that you have some content to pull, you can create a basic Gatsby site to display the content. Assuming you have the [Gatsby CLI installed](/docs/quick-start/#install-the-gatsby-cli), create a new site and navigate to it in your terminal:

```shell
gatsby new kontent-guide
cd kontent-guide
```

Next, install the [Kontent.ai source plugin](https://github.com/kontent-ai/gatsby-packages/tree/master/packages/gatsby-source):

```shell

> npm install --save @kontent-ai/gatsby-source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install @kontent-ai/gatsby-source
```

```

> Once that's done, you need to add the plugin to `gatsby-config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once that's done, you need to add the plugin to `gatsby-config`:
```

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js:title=gatsby-config.js
```

Author: What is this doing?

Reviewer: https://www.gatsbyjs.com/contributing/gatsby-style-guide/#code-formatting-titles

module.exports = {
  siteMetadata: {
    // ...
  },
  plugins: [
    // ...
    {
      resolve: `@kontent-ai/gatsby-source`,
      options: {
        projectId: `<YourProjectID>`, // Fill in your Project ID
        // Please note that with the Sample Project generated above, `en-US` is the default language for the project and this config. For a blank project, this needs to be `default`.
        languageCodenames: [
          `en-US`, // Or the languages in your project (Project settings -> Localization)
        ],
      },
    },
    // ...
  ],
}
```

And that's enough for you to be able to access content from Kontent.ai in your site. You can see this by starting Gatsby in development mode:

```shell
gatsby develop
```

> To see all the content that's available from Kontent.ai, you can test out GraphQL queries in GraphiQL at `http://localhost:8000/___graphql`. The queries generated from Kontent.ai will be prefixed with `kontentItem` (for single nodes) or `allKontentItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see all the content that's available from Kontent.ai, you can test out GraphQL queries in [GraphiQL](/docs/how-to/querying-data/running-queries-with-graphiql/) at `http://localhost:8000/___graphql`. The queries generated from Kontent.ai will be prefixed with `kontentItem` (for single nodes) or `allKontentItem`.
```

> To see how to put that data into your site, first go to `http://localhost:8000/`. Notice that the default title for the site is "Gatsby Default Starter". You can change that by pulling the title for your site from Kontent.ai.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the plugin

### Adding content to existing pages

To see how to put that data into your site, first go to `http://localhost:8000/`. Notice that the default title for the site is "Gatsby Default Starter". You can change that by pulling the title for your site from Kontent.ai.
```

The title here is generated in the layout from the site metadata. By default, the Kontent.ai Sample Project has a single item named "Home" that is the only item of the Home type. So you can change the layout component to query the metadata of that item and then use that data to populate your title.

```jsx:title=src/components/layout.js
// ...
const Layout = ({ children }) => {
  const data = useStaticQuery(graphql`
    query SiteTitleQuery{
      kontentItemHome {
        elements {
          metadata__meta_title {
            value
          }
        }
      }
    }
  `)

  return (
    <>
      <Header siteTitle={data.kontentItemHome.elements.metadata__meta_title.value} />
// ...
```

If you look at `http://localhost:8000/`, you'll notice the title is now "Dancing Goat–Freshest coffee on the block!". You can change this title in Kontent.ai to whatever you want and rerun `gatsby develop` to rebuild the site ([see below about automatic builds](#continuous-deployment)).

So you've seen how to add content to existing pages in Gatsby using Kontent.ai. Next, you will start creating new pages of your own.

> #### Creating new pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating new pages
```

It's great to be able to add content to existing static pages, but one of the great benefits of using CaaS is being able to define pages in Kontent.ai and having them generated automatically. To see how, you'll add pages based on content from the Sample Project in the Article type (feel free to explore how these are structured in Kontent.ai).

Start by making use of the URL pattern in the Article type to generate slugs for your Article nodes:

> ```javascript:title=gatsby-node.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js:title=gatsby-node.js
```

exports.onCreateNode = ({ node, actions: { createNodeField } }) => {
  if (node.internal.type === `kontent_item_article`) {
    createNodeField({
      node,
      name: `slug`,
      value: node.elements.url_pattern.value,
    })
  }
}
```

Now that you have a pretty way to define the path for your pages, you can create the pages programmatically:

> ```javascript:title=gatsby-node.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js:title=gatsby-node.js
```

const path = require(`path`) // highlight-line

exports.onCreateNode = ({ node, actions: { createNodeField } }) => {
  if (node.internal.type === `kontent_item_article`) {
    createNodeField({
      node,
      name: `slug`,
      value: node.elements.url_pattern.value,
    })
  }
}

// highlight-start
exports.createPages = async ({ graphql, actions }) => {
  const { createPage } = actions

  // Query data from Kontent
  const result = await graphql(`
    {
      allKontentItemArticle {

>         edges {
>           node {
>             fields {
>               slug
>             }
>           }
>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        nodes {
          fields {
            slug
          }
        }
```

commonly used syntax now

      }
    }
  `)

  // Create pages

>   result.data.allKontentItemArticle.edges.forEach(({ node }) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  result.data.allKontentItemArticle.nodes.forEach((node) => {
```

The body copy for this article comes from a rich text element in Kontent.ai. Links and inline linked items (e.g., embedded videos) are not resolved by default for rich text elements. If you want to resolve them, you can query the required data in structured form for resolution and create your own React components. You could use [Rich text element component](https://github.com/kontent-ai/gatsby-packages/tree/master/packages/gatsby-components#rich-text-element-component) that is a part of the [@kontent-ai/gatsby-components](https://github.com/kontent-ai/gatsby-packages/tree/master/packages/gatsby-components) package.

Since the Kontent.ai source plugin is defining the GraphQL schema for data from Kontent.ai, you could use this schema and extend it according to your needs. There are [some examples](https://github.com/kontent-ai/gatsby-packages/tree/master/site#examples) of what you could do in your application.

Now you know how to create pages programmatically and pull their content from Kontent.ai. To get the most out of your CaaS, you'll want to also make sure your site builds automatically whenever published content changes inside Kontent.ai.

### Continuous deployment

> To keep your site static but always up to date with the latest content from Kontent.ai, it helps to set up automatic deployment whenever your published content changes. Here, you can see how to set that up using [Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/site-deploys/create-deploys/#deploy-with-git), but the principle is similar using other services like [Gatsby Cloud](https://support.gatsbyjs.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052324654-Connecting-to-Kontent), or [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/), etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep your site static but always up to date with the latest content from Kontent.ai, it helps to set up automatic deployment whenever your published content changes. Reade the [Gatsby Cloud](https://support.gatsbyjs.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052324654-Connecting-to-Kontent) instructions to learn more.
```

> For automatic deployment from Netlify, first store your site's source code in a Git provider such as GitHub. Then log in to Netlify (e.g., through the same Git provider), create a new site from Git, and choose your site's source code. Netlify should automatically detect that you're using Gatsby and include the `gatsby build` command. If so, go ahead and deploy your site. Your site will now automatically build whenever you push changes to the source code in the Git repository.
> 
> Now that your site's up and running, you need to set up automatic builds when published content in Kontent.ai changes. First, in Netlify [create a new build hook](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/build-hooks/) with a name like "Change in Kontent.ai content" and copy the URL. Then go to Kontent.ai. Under _Project settings_, choose _Webhooks_ and create a new webhook. Give it a name like "Netlify build", paste the URL into the _URL address_ field and choose the [events to trigger the webhook](https://docs.kontent.ai/reference/webhooks-reference#a-events-to-trigger-a-webhook), you want to select just "DELIVERY API TRIGGERS" for content item events: "Publish" and "Unpublish". And that's it. Now whenever published content changes, your webhook will trigger a build in Netlify to ensure your static content is updated to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For automatic deployment from Netlify you'll want to [create a new build hook](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/build-hooks/) with a name like "Change in Kontent.ai content" and copy the URL. Then go to Kontent.ai. Under **"Project settings"**, choose **"Webhooks"** and create a new webhook. Give it a name like "Netlify build", paste the URL into the **"URL address"** field and choose the [events to trigger the webhook](https://docs.kontent.ai/reference/webhooks-reference#a-events-to-trigger-a-webhook), you want to select just "DELIVERY API TRIGGERS" for content item events: "Publish" and "Unpublish". And that's it. Now whenever published content changes, your webhook will trigger a build in Netlify to ensure your static content is updated to the latest version.
```
